# 梳理

核心网站： [Mario AI Framework](http://marioai.org/)

> 框架使用代码，包含了 playing the game 和 level generation 
>
> 论文整理

一个内容生成比赛 [Angry bird competition](https://aibirds.org/)

一个整理文章 [The Super Mario Makers: How Machine Learning is Building Super Mario Levels](https://towardsdatascience.com/mariomakers-8a67b25866dd)

论文溯源：

DeepMasterPrints: Generating MasterPrints for Dictionary Attacks via Latent Variable Evolution

–> 

Evolving Mario Levels in the Latent Space of a Deep Convolutional Generative Adversarial Network

-->

DOOM level generation using generative adversarial networks

–> 

Searching the Latent Space of a Generative Adversarial Network to Generate DOOM Levels



**Key words**

automatic\procedurally generate levels

video games level procedurally generation

Robin Baumgarten’s A* agent \the champion A* agent from the 2009 Mario AI competition

## 相关论文

arxiv 搜作者相关论文，或者最新论文



**大体上**

关卡语料库的建立 [The VGLC: The Video Game Level Corpus](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1606.07487.pdf)

最早的关卡生成 [The 2010 Mario AI Championship: Level Generation Track](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/6003769)



**地图生成的方法使用**

2014 马尔可夫链 [Experiments in Map Generation using Markov Chains](http://www.fdg2014.org/papers/fdg2014_paper_29.pdf)

2016 LSTM [Super Mario as a String: Platformer Level Generation Via LSTMs](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1603.00930.pdf)

2018 GAN [Evolving Mario Levels in the Latent Space of a Deep Convolutional Generative Adversarial Network](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1805.00728.pdf)

2020 RL [PCGRL: Procedural Content Generation via Reinforcement Learning](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2001.09212.pdf)



**GAN相关**

SinGAN: [Learning a Generative Model from a Single Natural Image](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.01164.pdf)

WGAN: 



还需要跟踪





 patterns from human-authored maps

human mannal designed levels



We then validate our approach using the game Super Mario Bros







### Mario AI Framework

Infinite Mario Bros. (IMB) was developed by Markus Persson [18] as a public domain clone of Super Mario Bros(Nintendo 1985). Much like the original, IMB consists of Mario (the player’s avatar) moving horizontally on a two-dimensional level towards a goal. Mario can be in one of three possible states: small, big and fire. Each state increases the amount of times Mario can take damage without failing the level and also give Mario special abilities. Mario can move left and right, jump, run, and, when in the fire state, shoot fireballs. The player returns to the previous state if they take damage and dies when taking damage if in the small state. They can also die when falling down a gap in any state. Additionally, unlike the original game, IMB allows for automatic generation of levels. The Mario AI framework is a popular benchmark for research on artificial intelligence built on top of IMB [11], having been used in AI competitions in the past [11, 27]. It improved on limitations of IMB’s level generator, and several techniques have been applied to automatically play [11] or create levels [20, 24], some of which are search-based methods. [Intentional Computational Level Design]

### Level Generation for the Mario AI Framework

The Mario AI framework’s organizers hosted competitions for level generation in 2010 and 2012 [27]. Horne et al. [10] assembled a comprehensive list of these generators, briefly described here, in addition to other generators written outside the competition. The Notch and the Parameterized-Notch generators create levels from left to right by adding game elements through probability and performing basic checks to ensure playability [21]. Similarly, the Hopper generator also designs levels from left to right and adds game elements through probability, but unlike the previous generators, these probabilities adapt to player performance which results in a dynamic level generator [20]. Launchpad is a rhythmbased level generator which uses grammars to create levels within rhythmical constraints [23]. The Occupancy-Regulated Extension generator glues small hand-authored chunks together into complete levels [20]. The Pattern-based generator uses slices taken from the original Super Mario Bros (Nintendo 1985) to evolve levels, where the fitness function counts the number of occurrences of specified sections of slices, with the objective of maximizing the number of different slices [5]. The Grammatical Evolution generator evolves levels with design grammars. Levels are represented as instructions for expanding design patterns, and the fitness function measures the number of items in the level and the number of conflicts between the placement of these items. In previous work, we [7] generated small level scenes that try to teach the player specific mechanics, like high jumping or stomping on enemies.

### Procedural content generation

Togelius et al. [23] defined Procedural Content Generation (PCG) as the algorithmic creation of game content with limited or indirect user input [22, 23, 25]. Examples of game content include game rules, levels, maps/mazes, characters, weapons, vehicles, background stories, textures and sound. Automatic game level generation, with little or no human intervention, is a challenging problem. For some games, the levels are represented as maps or mazes [6]. Examples include Doom, Pac-Man, and Super Mario Bros, one of the classic platform video games created by Nintendo. The first academic Procedural Content Generation competition was the 2010 Mario AI Championship [18], in which the participants were required to submit a level generator which implements a provided Java interface and returns a new level within 60 seconds. The competition framework was implemented based on Infinite Mario Bros 7, a public clone of Super Mario Bros.

The availability and popularity of the Mario AI framework has led to several approaches for generating levels for Super Mario Bros. Shaker et al. [16] evolved Mario levels using Grammatical Evolution (GE). In 2016, Summerville and Mateas [19] applied Long Short- Term Memory Recurrent Neural Networks (LSTMs) to generate game levels trained on existing Mario levels, and then improved the generated levels by incorporating player path information. This approach inspired a novel approach to level generation, in which new levels are generated automatically from a sketch of some desired path drawn by a human designer. Another approach that was trained using existing Mario levels is that of Jain et al. [10], which trained auto-encoders to generate new levels using a binary encoding where empty (accessible) spaces are represented by 0 and the others (e.g., terrain, enemy, tunnel, etc.) by 1. Though this approach could generate interesting levels, the use of random noise inputs into the trained auto-encoder sometimes led to problematic levels. Additionally, because of the binary encoding, no distinction was made between various possible types of tiles.